Hi within this lecture we're going to see how we can use plug ins.
So in order to do that.
Come over here to we've menu and choose plug ins from that menu so that you can see the plugins many
on the left hand side.
In fact we have seen that before Rummy tried to go over the overview of the Adobe Eesti but we haven't
seen what it really does.
Now we're going to see it for example I have some plug ins over here but most probably you don't have
one so you can just add the one by clicking on that button and searching for one over here.
For example I'm going to show you a faces plug in so that you can create really good design by bringing
in some people faces in your project.
So let me show you how it goes.
After you open this plugins ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS JUST COME OVER HERE AND WRITE UI faces.
OK so in here you will see the installed button.
If you click over here it will just install the plugin and you can see it on the left on site.
So I'm going to create the new art board over here so that we can use our new plug in inside of our
new artwork.
So let me come over here and just click on the UI faces and it will present you some options.
So here we choose what kind of options what kind of faces that we may want to bring in our project.
For example in the first section you see the sources.
So this gets its faces this gets some people's faces from pixels pixels dot com so this pixels dot com
actually provides some royalty free images so that you can use them freely in your apps.
For example I am D.B. dot com random user dot to me so I'm just going to go for death as an example
and you can actually choose the gender and age as well.
So I'm going to go for 18 to 30 and for gender I'm going to go for male and emotion will be happy so
he can just choose a hair color.
And here we have some advanced features as well for for example if you don't choose randomize it will
bring the most popular faces that heat that it can find.
But if you choose it it will just be random and in the optimize it will try to fit the faces into your
images or into your shapes or into your whatever you may want to try and bring in this faces if you
don't choose it it will just try to do its best.
OK.
So after you do that you can actually hit on the app light faces but it won't work because in order
to make this work we have to create some shapes we have to create some views first.
So I'm going to come over here and not over a year actually I'm just going to come over here and bring
in a circle.
OK.
So this will be the shape that I'm then I will be filling in.
So after you choose the shape you can they this faces and you will see it will feel the shape with some
face.
So that's good.
But I don't want only one single face I'm going to repeat this grid and I'm just going to repeat this
like that.
OK.
But as you can see it won't change the picture.
So I want some different faces on different circles.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to create a circle one more time and before filling this in I'm
just going to repeat this grid or you can just do copy and paste as well by repeating this will be much
easier.
OK.
And then you can actually adjust these space over here as well or you can try to move this a little
bit to the left and you have to click on one of the circles but I don't I can't seem to click on any
one of them yet like that.
And after that of course you can just expand it vertically as well.
OK.
So let me come over here and try to repeat this grid.
So let me do repeat grid one more time.
Yes.
This is working.
And here you go.
Now I have a lot of circles over here which is good so I can move this into a central way like that.
And here you go I have a lot of circles in order to fill this up with faces you have to unwrap every
so circle over here.
OK the UI faces don't work on groups very well.
So now I have to choose everything from here and try to apply UI faces one more time.
And here you go.
We couldn't do it so I believe we still have some groups.
Let me just right click over here on say on groups so that we would have individual circles and then
try one more time.
OK.
Now if I say apply faces here you go.
Now it's feeling old in circles with different faces in the options that we have specified.
OK.
With the options.
So now I have some faces for male and female faces between the age of 18 to 30 and with the hair color
of blonde and brown as exactly as I specified.
So here you go.
It's doing a great job now.
For example let me bring in some rectangle over here to use as a cover because we're going to use this
as a splash screen for a dating app.
OK.
So I'm going to choose and blue color over here.
Of course you can go with another design as well but I'm just going to do that.
I'm going to choose this and just give some transparency to dot so that we can see the faces but we
would have a cover as well like that.
Okay.
And I'm just going to make this a little bit bigger so it will cover everything over here and on the
top of everything.
I'm just going to bring in a tax and for example you can bring in your logo or I can offer your app
over here.
I'm just going to go for a dating app and of course I'm going to edit this a little bit so it would
look much better.
Right now we can't see this text as you can see.
We have to change the color of this tax and change the size of this tax.
So let me come over here for example.
Let me do 40 and I believe that's too much.
So let me do something like Turkey for example.
And yep that's good.
So let me make this a little bit bigger so it would fit.
So let me change the color here.
So let me make this white.
And yep I believe that's better but we have to make this bald in order to see this in a very clear Ray.
So let me give some shadow and let me come over here to regular and make it bald.
And here you go.
Now we can see it.
And in fact we can try with other phones as well like dad are like that.
So it looks good.
Of course it can be much better.
But the main point is that we have use the plug in in a very easy way and we managed to create a splice
screen or and I welcome welcome screen in less than one or two minutes.
OK.
So it's very easy to use this plug ins.
And it's actually very good looking.
So we're going to stop here and we're going to see other examples of plug ins in the next lecture.